What!
Never in vain, Zhao Jiatian Temple
What was it?
That's the minister of sin
Temple of sin
A hundred thousand generals and a million heroes
A behemoth of this level
He actually sent an invitation letter to our Zhao family
If you can take this opportunity to climb to the temple of heaven
Our Zhao family became famous overnight
Don't say it's the Su family then
It's Nangong Suzaku
No chance to give
Xu Feng's bitch
You must skin him yourself
Lord Owner
Your Jiwei Festival will be held in the capital
When did you leave home?
I am in Lanzhou
A city of this level in Lanzhou
It is not suitable for your Jiwei ceremony.
I will tell my parents.
By the way, how is the Zhao family?
Someone has been sent to deliver it. Very good.
Waited so long
I can finally get my parents to see him in person
The Xu family has risen again
And the apologies of the wicked